Updates and all associated links in the glossary in sdk docs v5.1.4 - Closes #1189 (#1228)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/advanced-explanations/communication.adoc

== Interfaces

> A blockchain application communicates via <<actions>> and <<events>> which can be invoked (actions) or subscribed to (events) via RPCs (Remote-Procedure-Calls).

Reviewer: No need to explain a terminology twice on the same page, please remove

Author: Done, I have removed the duplicated explanation in the "Actions" paragraph which occurs after the "Interfaces" paragraph. 👍

Reviewer: I think the first time you explain it on line 36, so you can remove it here as well :) Also, `WebSocket` is actually more correct here, as RPC only refers to actions I think.

```suggestion
A blockchain application communicates via <<actions>> and <<events>> which can be invoked (actions) or subscribed to (events) via WebSocket.
```
